what is that that's a it's it's early
people love those people love those hmm
really you've got all that fancy crap on
there yet the glass is dirty Oh ray it's
almost ready Jane
I feel like inviting my granddad for
lunch did you not got a bigger basket I
feel sorry for that poor lonely bread
roll in there let me just have a look at
it before you serve it right I feel like
saying a prayer so dinner menu you know
they'd miss greens with sunflower seeds
dried cranberries and Montrachet cheese
God is everything playing on here Jamie
Allie it's all good thankful for that is
the crab fresh lettuce [ __ ]
it's canned pork and that one that baby
spinach salad with strawberries goat
cheese asparagus hard-boiled egg and
grilled garlic shrimp strawberries and
shrimps mm-hmm I'll start with that
pleases my appetizer
absolutely I'm gonna think about a
chef's perception of food when he starts
to put strawberries with fresh garlic
shrimps we'll see how he likes it he's a
customer customers almost always right
did he go for guys receive may the Lord
not kill me food poisoning well Jesus
that's disgusting our wife the next
course
II don't yeah I'm yeah
sadly the prawns a stone cold and
undercooked when he sent the first dish
back I knew that we were gonna have a
little problem
yeah thank you okay Bon Appetit big
dirty greasy tip plates and like a big
ol ball of pubic hair deep-fried [ __ ]
if I'm eating that [ __ ] that's for sure
[Music]
it's tough as old boots damn Walker
finally if you're a [ __ ] rabbit how
is your steak and carrots will roll
mistake was tough and that was just a
big ball of grease and the play was
interesting especially with the chip
Gordon gave us a gay thing review lazy
dirty and it's just bad I mean really
crap your carrots were raw your state
was tough and your shoestring potatoes
was a big ball of grease big ball of
grease
[ __ ] me